Changelog Aug 27 2024 (#346)
CloudCannon/platform-documentation: changelogs/2024-08-27_better-dam-loading-times.mdx

---
_schema: default
title: Better DAM loading times
---
This release improved loading times for DAM browsers.

It also addressed several issues, including those affecting Site loading, the *Organizations* page, the DAM browser, and Datetime inputs.

## Features & Improvements

* Improved loading times when browsing DAM assets.

## Fixes

* Fixed an issue preventing some Sites from loading.

> * Fixed an issue causing the *Organizations* page to have a 500 error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed an issue preventing CloudCannon from listing organizations when using an API key.
```

* Fixed an issue where, in some cases, removing an Azure container broke the DAM browser.

> * Fixed an issue where, in some cases, editing a Datetime input did not update the content to match a configured timezone.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed an issue where, in some cases, editing a Datetime input did not update the value to match the configured timezone.
```
